Update command-line-tools.rst (#3362)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/command-line-tools.rst

Using the CLI
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To run the CLI commands, you must be in the Mattermost root directory. On a default install of Mattermost, the directory is ``/opt/mattermost``. Also, if you followed our `installation process <../guides/administrator.html#installing-mattermost>`__, you must run the commands as the user *mattermost*. The name of the executable is ``mattermost``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the CLI commands, you must be in the Mattermost root directory. On a default installation of Mattermost, the root directory is ``/opt/mattermost``. If you followed our standard `installation process <../guides/administrator.html#installing-mattermost>`__, you must run the commands as the user ``mattermost``. The name of the executable is ``mattermost``.
```

**For example, to get the Mattermost version on a default installation of Mattermost:**

  .. code-block:: bash

    cd /opt/mattermost/
    sudo -u mattermost bin/mattermost version

.. note::

>   If you don't run the Mattermost binary as the ``mattermost`` user this can lead to complications with permissions as the Mattermost binary starts up plugins and accesses different files when running CLI commands. Running the server as ``root`` for example can cause the ownership of the plugins and files to be overwritten and other issues to appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Ensure you run the Mattermost binary as the ``mattermost`` user. Running it as ``root`` user (for example) may cause complications with permissions as the binary initiates plugins and accesses various files when running CLI commands. Running the server as ``root`` may result in ownership of the plugins and files to be overwritten as well as other potential permissions errors. 
```
